,utc_datetime_str,id,title,author,selftext,upvote_ratio
0,2022-11-13 05:30:17,ytsuik,Made a wallpaper dedicated to Sir Kobe Bryant. I hope its okay to post this here.,manikantv,,1.0
1,2022-11-13 04:49:19,yts4cs,Went to Lakers vs. Kings game in-person &amp; noticed A LOT. Wanted to share some takeaways,strawberrycapital_,"* the lakers don't really communicate that much with each other. during timeouts they don't really talk in the huddle or bench either. i don't think they resent each other but it's clear something is off, they don't talk much with each other, especially on defense. kind of sad to see in person 
* russ making threes made the crowd the most hype by far. that was the most exciting part of the game for people. crazy how things can change
* people cheered and clapped for russ when he checked in for the first time. loved that
* after fox made a fadeaway on reaves, im pretty sure troy brown looked at lebron and said something like 'when the f did he learn to do that' and put his hands up in confusion. lebron smiled and agreed
* lebron wasn't pressed or angry or frustrated at all. he just kind of sits like an elder statesman, observing. i think he knows not to waste mental energy and get too worked up, but he was either looking stoic or joking / smiling. almost like he's kinda checked out?
* russ doesn't sit on the bench when the game starts, he is in the tunnel warming up until a bit before he subs in but i know this was already known, was cool to see though
* russ talks to phil handy a lot when he gets subbed out. i couldn't tell if it was contentious or just passionate talk, but it's worth noting because i've seen it in other games too on tv and i've heard rumblings that russ doesn't really like handy
* anthony davis looks absolutely GASSED by the end of the game. he can't handle playing center. thomas bryant coming back could hopefully alleviate that but man. ad looks so slow and tired in person, especially in the second half. i know he was sick, but it was really noticeable. also sucks that d jones is so bad at center he isn't really an option for long-term minutes.
* russ is the most aggressive laker. lonnie is 2nd

&amp;#x200B;

last but not least wanted to say go lakers yall. keep y'all heads up. troy brown and lonnie walker iv have been bright spots this season. bryant coming back should help ad down low, dennis should help too because we depend too much on pat bev for offense. and i think it's pretty clear that we will see SOME sort of trade this season. it's inevitable.",0.95
2,2022-11-13 04:04:46,ytrauh,Colin Cowherd Talks about The Lakers roster,kiboyski,,1.0
3,2022-11-13 03:44:32,ytqx0t,What were you wrong or right about in hindsight?,bigE819,"I know for me, I hated letting Lopez and Randle walk (only wanting Randle for the asset not bc I thought he’d be as good as he was in 2021).  I never thought Kuzma was better than BI, but thought Kuzma was the better fit with LeBron so it made since to trade BI (which looking back with both of them going to come off the bench, keeping BI would’ve been better).  I thought Frank Vogel was the right coach in 2019 (summer) over Ty Lue (don’t know if there’s a consensus).  I thought we shouldn’t have waited for Kawhi if it meant we could get better role players (didn’t matter…in the short term at least).  I thought the Schroeder trade was a good move (it was meh), I ignored Montrezl’s post season struggles.  But I knew we should’ve kept KCP no matter what. And ofc AC.  I thought Westbrook would lower the ceiling but raise the floor, but instead it lowered everything to a depressing state.",1.0
4,2022-11-13 03:38:32,ytqsz0,appreciate all of ur love as I try and sell stuff for my gallbladder surgery .. but I know some people might think l'm lying .. so I have 2 pics of me in the hospital on 2 separate occasions with my gallbladder attacks .. thank u for all the well wishes.. it only lets me add 1 pic on here .,clips4life626,,1.0
5,2022-11-13 02:52:57,ytpxm3,Would a prime Pau Gasol carry this team as presently constructed to the play-in tournament?,PauGasolMVP,[removed],1.0
6,2022-11-13 02:29:47,ytph1l,Darvin Ham appreciation thread,Inevitable_Night_933,"The team may be 2-10 but Darvin has no fault in that. It's not his fault the roster has 0 competent big men besides Wenyen at times (and AD), or his fault that his system produces wide open 3's for guys who can't make them. 

And could any other coach get Russ to come off the bench and arguably be the frontrunner for 6th man of the year? I think not.

The fault is not his and he has shown nothing but grace and respect all season and in his press conferences. I look forward to seeing him grow in the next 3 seasons after this.",1.0
7,2022-11-13 02:12:07,ytp4dt,Lakers Depth Check,LALakers4Lyf,"TLDR: We need to swap some of our guard depth for 1-2 legit centers. We're actually not lacking wings, they're all just forced to play out position because Damian Jones is a 3rd-string big, Thomas Bryant is still injured, and FO didn't bring in anyone else


PG
 
- Our most stable position. 

- Beverley is still good for POA Defense who's unfortunately asked to guard mostly wings. Though anything on offense that he can provide is a bonus

- Westbrook finally finds his niche as our mini-LeBron 6th man. 

- Nunn has struggled and is the clear 3rd string. 

- Jury is out on Schroder but he's been consistently decent on both ends for years. Could be our starter when he returns, moving Pat Bev to SG

SG

- We have solid depth here, unfortunately they're all forced to play out of position due to our team structure

- Reaves is developing well as our new Caruso (albeit better on offense, worse on defense) but is tasked to do too much (from ball creation to playing out of position) due to lack of depth

- Walker has been a pleasant surprise, but like Reaves, has also been forced to play out of position due to our surplus of guards and lack of bigs

- Looking forward to seeing how Christie progresses. He's shown potential on defense

SF

- We actually have depth: A clear-cut star (LeBron), a solid backup (Troy Brown), and two third-string players (JTA and Ryan)

- Unfortunately, they all have to play PF

PF

- Nada. It should be AD, but he's forced to play C full time. Gabriel is a solid 10-15 minute player who's also forced to play C (too small). Swider's a two-way contract player

- Get a legit C and suddenly we'd have AD as our starter and Wenyen as a solid backup

C

- Nada. Damian Jones is a lot worse compared to his 2021 stint, where he didnt have to do much and was solid in spurts as a mini-JaVale. Now though? He's unplayable and is still treated as a 3rd string player despite the lack of big depth. Jury's out on Thomas Bryant but he didn't look good during the preseason. Maybe he can be AD's main backup but that's it",1.0
8,2022-11-13 01:36:54,ytofe5,Lebron is washed,huge_racist6000,[removed],1.0
9,2022-11-13 01:17:28,yto1a6,The Lakers have a co-dependent and abusive relationship with the League.,3nnui,"The Lakers have won 11 titles in the past 43 years. No other team has come close, the Bulls got 6, the Spurs 5, the Celtics and Warriors 4. That has built a huge fan base, having two dynasties in 30 years will do that. The Lakers have more fans than any other team, and it's not close.

This means that when a player joins the Lakers, they will have more fame, more prestige, more fans, and more business opportunities. Everyone knows this, and it's a problem.  The league wants parity. They want to keep as many fans engaged as possible. If fans of other teams feel their teams will never compete because the best players will always go to the Lakers it will be hard to build up a fan base. This impacts the value of other teams around the league. Fandoms run on hope and the existence of the Lakers as the premier free agent destination messes with that.

Other owners don't want to pay billions for the opportunity to be a second-class citizen in the league, have no chance at a title, and have a hard time turning a profit. The Lakers dominance hits them hard in the wallet. That creates a strong incentive to do something about it. But it isn't that simple. If the Lakers are simply bad, ratings decline, there are less clicks on NBA content, less eyeballs on NBA product, Less fans in the stands when the Lakers come to town. That hits them in the wallet too. They need the Lakers to be good enough to keep fans engaged, but not so good that they dominate the league. That's what's best for business. The repeater tax placing a limit on teams being able to keep dynasties is another part of that strategy (notice even free spending GS bowed to the tax this year). 

Things came to a head when the Lakers got Gasol and two more titles. Popovich went public with his frustrations and I believe contacted the league to have something done. It's been a while, and I don't remember the exact details but he made quite a stink and I think a lot of the other franchises supported his stance, either quietly or otherwise. 

Things came to a head with ""basketball reasons"". When the league found a pretense to invalidate Chris Paul to the Lakers and then subsequently gift him to the Clippers. Imagine a still healthy kobe with the best young point guard in the league and Dwight Howard with a chance to get healthy. The owners rebelled and put a stop to it. Instead we ended up with the corpse of steve nash and a coach in Dantoni who either didn't understand how to use his roster or was actively trying to fuck us. 

The league rejoiced when the Lakers went through their rebuild. The media danced in glee when Aldridge shunned the Lakers, the days of Laker dominance were over, never to return.

But then Lebron came to the Lakers, and the Lakers had the assets to build a team around him. Remember Kawhi saying he wanted to be a Laker? It's what he said, there was a collective ""REEEEEEEE"" around the league. Jim Buss was gone, the Lakers had assets and were once again the premiere free agent destination in the league. This couldn't be allowed to happen, and it wasn't. You ever wonder why Kawhi looks so sad? It's cuz he wanted to be a Laker.

You ever give any thought to how the Lakers are covered? Jeanie is cheap! (she's not, she's paid plenty of tax and will do so in the future), Rob doesn't understand the cap! (he did, they were lying). There was no media coverage of Ballmer's colossal mismanagement of the LA market (Wings over Rings alienated the local fanbase). When you hear about the clippers on TNT. It's the same talking points over and over. Best roster in the league, best front office, best coach, best owner....with no enthusiasm, no emotion...it's like they are reading a paid advertisement, cuz well....they are.

So when you think why is the media banging the drum for the Lakers to trade their remaining assets? It's simple, it will keep them relevant this year (preserving clicks and revenue) and fuck their future. The dark spectre of 2025 free agency is on the horizon. If the Lakers have a good roster, a healthy AD (or someone else if he wants a trade) and cap space, get ready to hear another collective REEEEEE around the league. 

Let the downvotes commence!",0.42
10,2022-11-13 00:41:28,ytnah5,"""BREAKING: The Lakers declined the Knicks offer of Derrick Rose, Cam Reddish &amp; Evan Fournier for Russell Westbrook, Wenyen Gabriel and a first round pick, per Marc Berman.",WatermelonMan921,,1.0
11,2022-11-13 00:16:44,ytmrik,6’2 Pat Bev will be assigned to guard 6’10 KD tomorrow,LeBrons7thRing,,1.0
12,2022-11-12 23:47:30,ytm4h9,Clipper fan coming in peace I just want to thank everybody in this lakers sub for being cool with me posting some old laker stuff I had for sale to help with my gallbladder surgery .. I sold the jacket already.. still the 2XL shooting shirt for sale for $50..I won’t post again after today thank u 🙏🏽,clips4life626,,1.0
13,2022-11-12 23:31:35,ytlrru,Los Angeles Lakers Beavis and Butt-head.,ProofBid6908,,1.0
14,2022-11-12 23:28:24,ytlp6j,I'm so pleased with how it came out!,UthLoQuESeuB,,1.0
15,2022-11-12 23:19:34,ytlhvs,Lebron sighting at Leonardo DiCaprio's birthday last night,DuckBeaverCat,[removed],1.0
16,2022-11-12 23:12:54,ytlch4,Lakers status report,OfficialPaddysPub,,0.98
17,2022-11-12 22:47:26,ytkr74,What is Lebron’s greatest failure?,Background-Sir5324,"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ytkr74)",0.5
18,2022-11-12 22:25:57,ytk96o,How I would pray for these days again…,KingJuice1998,,0.94
19,2022-11-12 22:12:44,ytjxw1,Petition to Remove Jeanie Buss and Rob Pelinka,jarking7,This is wishful thinking. Is there any way to obligate Jeannie Buss into selling the team? The lakers outside of the bubble season have been so poorly managed and yet Jeannie and Rob Pelinka are just getting rich off the lakers franchise and are living their best life. Is there any hope of management change?,1.0
20,2022-11-12 22:08:18,ytjtwl,Russell Westbrook in his last 5 games: 20.4 PTS / 3.4 REB / 8.2 AST on 47.9/52.2/90.9 shooting splits,TripleDubBrodie,,0.7
21,2022-11-12 22:05:02,ytjqya,Happy 34th birthday Russ! 21/4/11 and 57% from 3pt against the Kings!,TripleDubBrodie,,1.0
22,2022-11-12 21:27:02,ytiuj1,Make the trade after the Nets game win or lose,Consistent_Owl4593,"We have a five day stretch of no games after tomorrow’s game and this is honestly the last chance we have at making a move. Pelinka needs to realize making a trade after the 20th game when we’re 2-18 won’t fix a damn thing. 

Make a trade or watch the team win less than 15 games this year. Your choice Rob",1.0
23,2022-11-12 21:18:46,ytinoz,The Blame Pie Lakers Edition,Inevitable_Night_933,"2% Darvin Ham - Looking like not the greatest lineup and substitution specialist. Team is beginning to look checked out, but what is he supposed to do with this roster? Minimal blame. 

3% LeBron - Arguably the strongest player influence of any NBA player, he pushed  (source say) to add Russell to the team. It's his team, he gets some blame. 

5% AD - constantly broken, always an injury away from disaster, lackadasical running the court and does nothing in 4th quarters/2nd halfs. Top 75 who?

15% Russell Westbrook. His contract is the biggest issue but his attitude and constant boneheaded players have cost the Lakers at least 3-4 games. But mainly his contract prevents the team from getting the role players they desperately need at minimal benefit. 

30% Pelinka. He took a potential dynasty and turned them into a laughing stock of the league. in 2 years!! No one has created a worse team and without the draft picks it looks like he sabotaged them to tank, one of the worst GM's in Laker history. 

45%  Jeanie Buss. No it is not sexism Jeanie. You have hired your friends and made the Lakers a social club with Linda, Kurt, and Rob to ruin the team's legacy. It is at the end of the day YOUR responsibility to hire the right people, not worry about taxes, and create a team that Dr. Buss would have respected. #SellTheTeam",1.0
24,2022-11-12 21:14:31,ytijz3,SERIOUS: Fixes the Lakers Can Make WITHOUT Blowing Up the Team Just Yet - From a Fan of 30 Years,Trustthefundamentals,"Well, folks. Here we are at 2-10. As fans, it's easy for us to watch games, see a Win/Loss record, and presume ""Bad roster - fire Jeanie and Pelinka"". Yes, there are some bad fits. But this is actually not a bad roster. It's a redundant one, but not one that is so bad and redundant that it should be winning less than 20% of its games. This SHOULD be good enough talent to make the playoffs. Lebron and AD are still both top 20 players in the league. Under average shooting has exposed the roster, but there are still ways to be a competent offense in the league, even with one of the most important skillsets in today's game being a weakness. I still believe that this team has top 12 overall talent in the league simply because of our two stars. A small minority of you may actually still believe this too, despite our record. If we didn't believe this team was capable of much better, it wouldn't be so mind numbing seeing these results. It's a lot more painful to start a season this dreadful when you have LeBron/AD vs. the ""Baby Lakers"" years, when we were expected to lose due to our lack of experience and expected untapped talent.

&amp;#x200B;

This 2022-23 Lakers team is not being utilized properly. More needs to be placed on the coaches, not the players. Losses have surmounted due to a combination of poor strategy and a very difficult schedule to start the season. The 3rd through 8th best players on the Lakers are actually not scrubs as the media portrays them to be. Beverley, Reaves, Walker, Nunn, Brown, Westbrook, Schroder (when back) are all rotational players on most NBA teams. Some of you may not agree. But if you look at these players' statistics and contributions in previous seasons, they are statistically fine players who belong in the NBA. This is not the 2011-12 Bobcats, who literally had players that would struggle in today's G League. Instead of simply saying the team can't shoot (which has been less of an issue in recent games), we should be honing in on the fact they are being misused and underutilized. There is an overreliance on Russell Westbrook, who most of us were hoping to see less of after Vogel departed. Even LeBron James is probably handling the ball too much when he could still be plenty impactful as more of an entry man in the post, as he was used as often last season.

&amp;#x200B;

The fact of the matter is that several Lakers are not used in the roles they have thrived in on previous teams, and our half court offense is abysmal. Similar to last season, the team is so hesitant to get into a half court offense that they will often force fast breaks that will result in either a layup or turnover. The Lakers are #1 in the league in offensive pace. They are 2-9. It's clear that pace isn't the key to success. And it's because playing this fast results in far too many turnovers. Therefore, half court offense has to improve.

&amp;#x200B;

If you are on team ""Lakers suck, and there's nothing we can do at this point"", this post is not for you. I don't believe this roster sucks. I believe Ham and the coaching staff is not familiar enough with their own roster yet to understand their capabilities. Good teams have players fall into specific roles. Our team seems to almost be in a trial phase, where Lonnie Walker (not a 3-point shooter) is still taking a ton of perimeter shots and Juan Toscano-Anderson (not an NBA player) is still getting a jersey to tuck in. Darvin Ham has not gotten nearly enough flack for how he has managed this team thus far. It's time.

&amp;#x200B;

The following are my insights, thoughts, and suggestions to our coaching staff. If by some miracle, some of this can actually be seen by someone on the Lakers' payroll, great. Perhaps there is a way to at least make this season entertaining and competitive for us fans from here on out. I actually believe the CURRENT team (without a trade needed to sacrifice our future) can still improve and play more cerebral basketball to become competitive. Whether or not it's too late for the team to make the play-in is up for debate, but for a roster that could and should still be considered a better than average one, this is a long list of thoughts I've been writing since the beginning of the season that would at least get this team closer to their potential:

&amp;#x200B;

* Most of us (but not all) would probably say that this roster looks better than one season ago, when the supporting cast was packed with old players past their primes who were physically incapable of defending. Yes, better shooting with players like Carmelo and Monk. But if we could trade those two for Lonnie Walker and Troy Jones, who have both been impressive, I believe we'd mostly take the two we have now. Beverley is an improvement over Augustin, and I'd even take a healthy but struggling Damian Jones over last year's hobbled Dwight Howard. Reaves and Gabriel have both improved over last year, and actually looked quite good against the Kings. And MOST IMPORTANTLY, Lebron, Davis, and Westbrook have mostly played together, despite nagging injuries. Last year's team saw  LeBron James, Anthony Davis and Russell Westbrook play a total of 21 games together last season. Many fans seem to think we missed the playoffs due to lack of talent. But the reality is that the Lakers were still likely to sneak into a playoff spot before Davis' final bad ankle sprain from landing on Gobert's foot. The Spurs didn't even seem to care about beating out the Lakers for that final spot, but it was essentially gifted after so many devastating injuries. This said, last year's team started 7-5 through their first 12. This team will either be 2-10 or 3-9 after today's Nets game, with what should be considered an objectively better (and healthier) roster.  

&amp;#x200B;

* Now on to Darvin Ham: This Lakers team is not the 2019 to 2021 Milwaukee Bucks well-rounded roster that Darvin Ham is used to. This is obviously an understatement, but not necessarily just because the Bucks were and are significantly more talented. This Lakers team actually has some very solid pieces that could collectively be good enough to be a playoff team if used remotely correctly. I actually believe this. Poorly constructed roster? Sure. All Pelinka's fault? Probably a stretch, but I get the people that are calling for his head. But what about Ham? Even if the modern NBA is generally played in a drive-and-dish, spread offense style now that puts a premium on open shot makers and less on foul drawing, there actually IS a way to win games without average or above average open shot makers. However, Darvin Ham designs this team's offense to play like we have a Khris Middleton, Brook Lopez, or even Bobby Portis level of shooter to dish out to. Going from above average to below average on the perimeter offense hasn't seemed to make a difference in how many perimeter shots we take. This is what he is used to. This Lakers' roster was built with an abundance of playmaking guards who are mainly all average to under average in shooting. Yes, this is a disadvantage that any coach would have to struggle with, to an extent. Especially when our forwards are also mainly average to under average shooters, and the guards don't have anyone to pass to for jump shots either. In Milwaukee, Ham was one of many coaches who were part of systems that completely abandoned midrange jumpshots. This is understandable. In the past decade, 10-20 foot 2-point jumpshots were assessed as inefficient, and were dramatically and noticeably removed from league offenses beginning around the 2014-15 season. This Lakers' roster, however, is an outlier to the modern NBA. The majority of the top talent on this team relies on driving and slashing. However, almost stubbornly, Ham is still having the Lakers shoot a league average amount of 3-pointers. It actually WOULD be ok if we took mid-range shots, which many of our players would feel more comfortable doing. Lonnie Walker is one player that has actually shown a nice talent in taking and making mid-rangers. He is NOT a great three-point shooter yet in his career. Let him work to his strengths! This is essentially the equivalent of having an NFL team with a top 5 runningback get minimized to 12 carries a game because his coach runs a pass-first scheme offense. This is an oversight that I'm not seeing addressed enough anywhere.

&amp;#x200B;

* I haven't seen enough of Darvin Ham yet in games and interviews to call him a poor coach. Most fans just judge based on the players they see, and whether they make or miss their shots. And the Lakers have had just the right kind of scapegoats (Westbrook, no shooting, Lebron sick, Davis has no dog in him) to have Ham really dodge any sort of bullets so far as the Lakers' head coach. But I do believe it's time fans and the media begin to take a look at him more seriously.

&amp;#x200B;

* In general, I think people break down coaching pro athletes as being skilled at 
   * 1) Motivating players with big egos who are the best on the planet at what they do and get paid exorbitant amounts of money.
   * 2) Coming up with strategies to get the most out of each player and work to their strengths, while hiding their weaknesses. As an example, Brad Stevens comes to mind as a great coach, who I predict will return to coaching at some point. He was amazing at getting the most out of a player like Isiah Thomas on the offensive end, while hiding his weakness on the defensive end with great help defense. Steve Kerr and Erik Spoelstra are considered great defenders due to their mastery at getting untapped potential out of journeymen and role players. You'll also notice that their teams are always setting screens for their ball handlers to allow stars like Steph Curry or Jimmy Butler to force switches on to inferior defenders to create more quality shots. Is this something we do? I haven't seen it. Say what you will about Vogel. But last season, Vogel was good at identifying Westbrook as a negative defender, and came up with schemes to have players help him on defense to prevent him from getting exploited. Eventually, his defensive schemes didn't matter because he lost the locker room. So even though he was a fairly good coach (in my eyes), his lack of skill as a coach was on the motivating end. It was no surprise that after Lakers management fired Vogel, they wanted to swing the pendulum toward a motivating ""Players' Coach"". And this is exactly what Darvin Ham's reputation was around the league, going back to his assistant days with the Lakers a decade ago. The thought made sense, as the front office felt that particular players like Westbrook fell off mainly due to his clashing with Vogel (even though it was moreso due to his declining athleticism). Ham has indeed been showing a positive relationship with Westbrook, which has led Russ to showing an uptick in his play. However, the elephant in the room is that Darvin Ham has failed to provide a good offensive system for this Lakers' roster. There is a ton of iso ball, a severe lack of screens, and a below league average amount of uncontested shots for his players.

&amp;#x200B;

* The Lakers don't just have low shooting percentages because they have under average shooters. They have low shooting percentages because Ham's offensive designs aren't giving them as many open looks as most NBA teams. It's impossible to know about the schemes and adjustments discussed in the Lakers' locker room. However, there have been hints of Ham's limitations as a ""strategy"" coach. The white board that said ""Contest Without Fouling"" was meme'd, and not really considered a big deal. But let's stop and think about what a good coach would do to get a team to do something that literally every team tries to do (contest without fouling). Great coaches in the NBA have historically come up with schemes to distract jump shooting as much as possible. Popovich's championship Spurs teams were notable for being one of the hardest to pump fake. Pop instilled those teams to allow defenders to take long shots over them and to stay on the ground at all costs. Because it's better to lightly contest a jump shot than to allow a free blow-by for a layup after a pumpfake.

&amp;#x200B;

* A few games back, when Ham was asked why Davis didn't take more 2nd half shots after a loss, he mentioned that ""Davis is free to call his own name whenever he wants it."" This sounds fine on the surface... Our initial reaction is ""Oh ok, good I guess... Ham lets his players have the freedom to dictate the game for themselves. We don't want a dictator anyways!"" But in reality, NBA players NEED to know when they should be having their name called. Especially when the roster is so unfamiliar with each other, and full of so many first-year Lakers who have never played with one another. When I think of a comparison for Ham, I see a bit of Doc Rivers. Doc has always been considered a ""Player's Coach"" who got his Celtics teams in particular to fight hard on defense. At the same time, Doc's offensive schemes have never appeared to be anything special, he was recently named as a ""Top 15 Coach of All Time"", which I think the public correctly laughed off after that was announced. Similarly, I believe Ham got a bit of an overbloated reputation due to the Bucks' championship run 2 seasons ago, where he was a primary assistant on that team. Combine this with him being generally known around the league as a ""good dude"", and you have a coach who I believe isn't particularly strong on strategy and adjustments. Underprepared coaches typically get exposed the most in the 3rd quarter. And I think most of you know about the Lakers' infamous 3rd quarter struggles thus far, after teams come out adjusted to the Lakers' ""gameplans"". My worst fear, really since Phil Jackson's departure, is that the Lakers would go after coaches who would be ""friends"" with their players to get the most out of them. Coaches who take this route generally are not the biggest on strategy. They're more about the belief that their players ""just have to want it more..."" which seems to be a good enough mantra to be successful with once every 20 years.  At the end of the day, basketball is a game based on outwitting your opponent as much as dominating them athletically. And the Lakers have time and time again gone for players' coaches that fit this ""motivator"" description, like Byron Scott and Luke Walton. We know how those ended up. Vogel, on the other hand, was arguably our first ""X's and O's"" coach since Mike D'Antoni. I fear Darvin Ham is showing early signs of being much more on the Byron/Luke side of the tracks.

&amp;#x200B;

* One other note on Ham - he's known as a defensive coach. The team started out quite impressive on the defensive side, but have reverted back to under average now. For being a first-year head coach, Ham seems to have a bit of an old school mentality on ""forcing jump shots"". Time and time again throughout these first 11 games, I've seen him scheme defensively to collapse and pack the paint to prevent easy layups, only to give up essentially any open three that opponents want to take, by the player they want taking them. The NBA has improved far too much since Ham was a player to continue giving up open threes. The average NBA player will make more than half of their uncontested threes these days, and that wasn't quite the case from his playing era in the 00's. His '04 Pistons were known for packing the paint and forcing jumpshots, and I've got a hunch that he's still implementing this kind of direction for a much different NBA talent pool of much better shooters.

&amp;#x200B;

* Moving away from Ham now and talking about the on-court product, the Lakers played better than their 2-8 record for the first 10 games of the season. The media overreacted and blamed it on the Lakers' shooting, when in fact, they had a bit of bad luck. It's also worth noting that the Lakers have a fully made-over roster for a 3rd consecutive season since their bubble championship. When new players play together, especially against top teams in the league who are very familiar with each others' capabilities, the Lakers are at a massive disadvantage. Even if the Lakers have talent on their team, which they actually do despite the media and Laker fans proclaiming otherwise. Bad luck and a few bad decisions down the stretch of a few losses caused the Lakers' coaching staff to overreact and make unnecessary changes to a team that simply had mainly close losses to mainly top 10 NBA teams their first 10 games of the season. Damion Jones and Kendrick Nunn should not be having DNP's, despite very slow starts. Jones was an extremely efficient player last season, who albeit, has offensive limitations. But his size, rebounding, and shot blocking abilities on defense have been sorely missed, while Gabriel has struggled to defend without fouling or getting blown by. Nunn was an extremely talented shot creator for the Miami Heat before his bone bruise turned him into a meme in his first season for the Lakers. It's clear he's still getting his legs back, and is not yet back to his athleticism. But I encourage fans and our coaching staff to watch some of his highlights with Miami in the bubble season. He has a lot of potential, is still very young, and these DNP's and massive minute limitations because of his poor first few games of the season, are completely masking him as one of the Lakers' 5 most impactful players that he should be having more chances to prove.

&amp;#x200B;

* Russell Westbrook having above average games his first 5 games coming off the bench was the worst thing that could have happened to the Lakers. It was ok that fans overreacted, and felt that ""Benchbrook"" was the new savior the Lakers needed. That's normal. We want our team to succeed, and sometimes that means having a selective memory of just how many abhorrent games he cost us (as recently as this season's Portland loss) In reality, Westbrook just happened to make 2-3 more open shots per game during his first 5 games off the bench. This gave an ""out"" for Ham still playing him 30+ minutes per night, when I genuinely believe Westbrook could actually have a plus impact for the team if he played 4-6 minute spurts to optimize him only when fresh, and cap out around 18-20 minutes per night. A few open threes does not mean he is changed.  These makes were enough to let fans forget about his abhorrent game ruining turnovers and poor defensive decisions. His turnovers are extremely harmful, and much more negative than, for example, a missed shot by Nunn. Turnovers create 2 on 4's, with Westbrook being the last one back after his turnovers (whether or not it's because he's busy complaining to refs about a phantom foul). The vast majority of turnovers lead to a bucket for the opposing team in today's fast paced, opportunistic NBA. Missed shots at least allow defenses to get back, and get into half court defensive sets to prevent buckets approximately half the time. This is not talked about enough, and it is shocking that it is not highlighted or emphasized more in post game interviews by Darvin Ham.

&amp;#x200B;

* The idea of ""Benchbrook"" temporarily worked for a few reasons. 1) Westbrook would come in fresh when opposing starters were beginning to get gassed. 2) Westbrook would have better success getting to the rim against opposing bench players as they began to come in for starters. 3) Westbrook would spend less time on the court with LeBron James and Anthony Davis, who require three solid off-ball players with average to above average shooting in order to exploit matchups and maximize their own efficiency by benefitting from single coverage. 4) Westbrook would play few overall minutes for the Lakers. However, due to Westbrook's first few games off the bench being such a success, Ham hasn't been able to help himself and he's been bringing Westbrook in 3 minutes into the start of each half, as opposed to 6 minutes in. This is a massive difference. Westbrook is technically still ""coming off the bench"". But coming in so early into the half essentially just makes him a de facto starter who still plays most of his time with LeBron and AD. And still plays mainly against starters. He then plays nearly 10-12 minutes straight, and still closes halves with LeBron and AD. This ruins the entire purpose of Westbrook's bench role, with his minutes not staggering against LeBron's and AD's in a significant enough way to make a difference.

&amp;#x200B;

* Darvin Ham has not stayed true to his word of holding players accountable. Watching Westbrook singlehandedly implode the Lakers' 11-point lead with 3 turnovers, a couple missed shots, and a frustration ""take foul"" in the backcourt with 2 seconds on the clock, I was actually relieved because I knew that any coaching staff would pull the player aside and talk to them about how their emotionally charged play cost the team. Instead, Darvin said nothing. In fact, the entire coaching staff sat on the bench and just complained about a previous missed call instead of talking to Westbrook about what had just transpired. 

&amp;#x200B;

* Austin Reaves should be the starting point guard. Yes, it is his second year in the league. But he is, in my opinion, the second best decision maker on the team (behind LeBron James), a better ball handler than both Westbrook and Beverley, and a better play maker than both of them as well. Reaves makes very smart decisions, often using screens to pin his man behind him and then read the defense to put up an efficient floater (if undefended) or easy dish for a layup or dunk (if defended) by the help man.

&amp;#x200B;

* Westbrook creates more flashy and aggressive offense than Reaves, which gives off the appearance that he could score any time when his speed allows him to blow by. However, his high risk/high reward play creates way too many ""flukes"". You know the ones where he goes up for a layup, and the ball soars 15 feet in the air and out of bounds, while Russ stares at the refs with his hands up. Or the ones where he gets swiped due to carelessness after what he thought was a blow-by, only to be caught by a determined defender who already made it around a screen. The difference between Reaves and Westbrook as the primary ball handler is that Reaves has an above average NBA assist to turnover ratio. Westbrook's turnovers per possession are abhorrent, after regressing back to his normal self. Russ actually started the season with an obvious determination to prove fans wrong, and went out of his way to minimize his turnovers at the expense of dialing back his aggression and losing a few of his easy layups per game. THIS was a better scenario than his high turnover/more layup self he's reverted back to. The Lakers can still score on possessions that Russ doesn't get easy layups. They can still work their offense, and find other easy shots. But the Lakers can't afford the turnovers that lead to easy opposing transition layups time and time again. Somewhere along the way, my hunch is that Darvin pulled Russ aside in the midst of this losing streak and told him to ""Just be Russ"" after seeing how well he was playing off the bench for a short sample size. His strategy with Russ is to not ""kill his confidence"" by praising him when he actually does something right, and somewhat looking the other way when he's wrong. Similar to a parent with a spoiled child that just wants to make sure they don't throw a tantrum. This false sense of confidence that Darvin instilled in him is absolutely devastating to the Lakers' ability to stay competitive in basketball games.

&amp;#x200B;

* An extra point about Reaves - his rebounding ability is vastly underrated. His hustle offensive rebounds off of his own or others' missed shots, is massively overlooked. Additionally, even if he's still a bit under weight and gets exploited when posted against defensively, his ability to contest jump shots is extremely impressive. His stats on contests show him as a plus defender, and he even spent a portion of last season as a top 10 defender on three pointers, in terms of percentage makes with him as the primary defender. Want a bold claim? I believe Reaves is the 3rd most valuable overall player on this roster. And he was already a top 5 player on the Lakers as a rookie last year, in terms of his plus offense and average defense (before he bulked up this offseason). Behind LeBron and Davis, Reaves makes the most consistent winning plays for the team. Just as I believe Caruso was the 3rd MVP for the team during our championship 2020 season. Yes, they're both white. It's coincidental, let's get over it. They're drastically different players (Caruso is more valuable than Reaves overall at this point in both players' careers, but not by as far as many think). If Reaves played over 32 minutes per game, the Lakers would win more basketball games. Ham hasn't realized his skill yet, and I believe it's due to his outward appearance. Let's see how long it takes for our coaching staff to figure out what I think is clear as day about Reaves' value. By mid season, I believe we'll see Reaves starting every game. It's just disappointing that coaches who see him every day in practice, haven't figured it out yet.

&amp;#x200B;

* Damion Jones should be playing more minutes. His offensive abilities are limited, but the coaching staff mainly overreacted to a few poor early games and exiled him for not playing the pick and roll well enough with Lebron and AD. He can still be a serviceable big without playing a great pick and roll game, and he has shown flashes of potential especially when put in the dunker's position. Dwight Howard and JaVale McGee were also not great pick and roll centers. However, in the Lakers' 2020 championship season, they did exactly what Damion Jones should be getting coached to do - When on offense, his size alone should be enough to keep his defender near the rim to prevent lobs. On defense, he is an average to above average presence with length and the ability to challenge any shot within 5 feet of the basket. He needs to improve his pick and roll defense. And I believe the coaching staff incorrectly identified him as just ""unplayable"" because he hasn't figured out how to use his size appropriately to stop screen and rolls consistently yet. This is a problem. But not enough of a problem to give his minutes to Wenyen Gabriel (a less impactful player overall), and force Anthony Davis to play the position he's uncomfortable playing.

&amp;#x200B;

* Wenyen Gabriel should be playing more power forward alongside Damion Jones. I like that he's actually playing decent minutes, and I hope he stays around 20 per game. His post offense has actually become acceptable where he can drop in some gimmies and putbacks around the rim. Last year, he looked like an oversized deer on ice. More importantly, the Lakers' defense is being exploited due to lack of size and lack of adjustments. Good teams like the Nuggets, Cavs, Jazz (surprisingly), Warriors, and Clippers exploit mismatches on almost every possession they set up their half court offense. Because of the lack of size when Gabriel's 6'9"" frame (which feels longer due to wingspan) is off the court, opponents are driving to the basket for lightly contested or uncontested shots within 5 feet of the hoop. Or they're just straight up shooting over undersized defenders guarding a position up like Westbrook, Walker, and Reaves. This is a WORSE problem for defenses than having two slow-footed bigs on the floor that can be exploited for threes by small guards. We should be trying more of the latter. They're no 2020 Howard and McGee being paired with Davis. But when Davis is off the floor, I'd love to see our two healthy backup bigs playing together and just trying an old school style of bully ball congested post play on offense with our undershooting squad. And with both bigs on defense, at the very least, lightly contested threes over our tallest bench players is a better option than allowing teams to exploit our undersized defense that can be shot over consistently from anywhere on the floor. 

&amp;#x200B;

* Both fans and our coaching staff overreacted to Kendrick Nunn's poor start, even after seeing him play quite strong in the preseason. Keeping him on such a short leash has ruined Nunn's confidence, and he has been forcing the issue with poor shots to try and impress the coaching staff into letting him back on the court. The way he has been exhiled reminds me of how Kent Bazemore started last season in the rotation before shooting poorly and inevitably getting DNP's after the first 2 weeks of last season. The difference is that Bazemore is trash, and probably didn't belong on an NBA rotation last season in the first place. The Lakers just accidentally made the right decision to bench him because he started the season missing a handful of open threes. Kendrick Nunn is NOT trash. He simply had a very poor start to the season, and them started to try and overcompensate by playing unsuccessful hero ball during the few minutes he's still been receiving in the last 5 games. Our coaching staff isn't familiar enough to know what he is capable of doing. I have consistently gotten the impression that analytics and previous seasonal statistics (or even tapes) have not been reviewed very sufficiently by Darvin Ham and company.

&amp;#x200B;

* When Patrick Beverley is on the court, he should always guard the opposing team's point guard. Analytics point to him being one of the best on-ball guards against other point guards in the league. The experiment of having him guard shooting guards and small forwards often negates Beverley's impact due to opponents simply being able to shoot over him. The decision to have Beverley guard shooting guards and small forwards is especially poor when he is on the court at the same time as Westbrook. Westbrook has more success guarding taller players than Beverley does, due to his strength. Westbrook's biggest weakness on defense is his inability to prevent blow-by's. Beverley is historically strong at staying in front of his men.

&amp;#x200B;

* Juan Toscano is a fringe NBA player who should not be playing more than 8 minutes per game on any team, let alone the Lakers. Ham seems to like him because he gives defensive hustle and has slightly above average size for a small forward. He seems to be a decent defender when it comes to fighting through screens. However, he isn't particularly a very good on-ball defender, and wasn't particularly good at being such with the Warriors last season either. I believe he is purely getting minutes, and perhaps even a roster spot, due to Steph Curry's ring he gifted him last season. I understand his heritage is good PR, and all of Los Angeles wants him to succeed (myself included). But the reality is that he is not one of the Lakers' best 12 players. I actually believe Matt Ryan's presence as a spacer alone makes him more valuable, even if Toscano brings marginally better defense to the table. Both get blown by on defense, and the Lakers could use a three-point sniper (their biggest weakness) a lot more than the replicable strengths that Toscano brings as an 8th or 9th man.

&amp;#x200B;

* In general, the Lakers do not set enough screens on offense. When they are being set, a comically large percentage of them are correctly identified by the refs as offensive fouls. Wenyen Gabriel plays with fire with more than half of his screens by pushing off on the defender to get our ball handler extra room. Wenyen Gabriel is not a star player who can get away with gray area pushoffs in the NBA. The coaching staff, very obviously, has not worked with Gabriel enough on pick and rolls. Anthony Davis has also not been held accountable enough as being a poor screener. The difference with him is not that he can't set successful screens. It's that he does not want to risk severe contact, and he tends to bail on screens too early or give half-hearted attempts before rolling prematurely before actually screening his assigned defender to allow his passer to feed him the ball. Damion Jones, in actuality, is our best defender. However, he can't set screens from Ham's doghouse.

&amp;#x200B;

* LeBron James is still a top 20 player in the league. Playing through an illness recently and lingering foot injury he has been carrying all season has caused his shots to be flat and short. His muscle memory on his shot completely relies upon his feet and legs giving him his strength on shots to adjust based on his distance from the basket. He has been shooting with more arms to compensate for his shots shooting short because of his foot. He knows he's a less accurate shooter while this is happening. But due to the Lakers' awful shooting their first 5 games of the season, he has convinced himself that his shot is still a better alternative to finding an open shooter. He's been wrong on that assessment, and our shooters have actually come around. But I understand his frustration and why he has opted to go for his LeFuckYou's. Nevertheless, the Lakers can't afford for him to play frustrated and suboptimal when Russell Westbrook already demonstrates this behavior on a regular basis, and at the same time.

&amp;#x200B;

This is a very long read, and I understand this kind of post may not be for everyone. But I really wanted to share some of my thoughts, based on how I've seen both Lakers teams trend between awful, mediocre, and great since I started watching as a kid in the early 90's. We all want to see this team succeed, and sometimes it's difficult to really summarize what the real problems are. They go a lot deeper than just Jeannie and Rob. And they also aren't always as deep as ""everyone"" either. When we look at a 2-10 record, it's very easy to say it's all awful. It's not, though. Bright spots like Troy Brown Jr, Austin Reaves, and Lonne Walker IV aren't just moot points. There are things to build on so that we can have more educated opinions in the product we're watching. Whether opinions like these ever reach a stubborn office, who knows? But I'll be here for all 82 games, just like I know many of you will be no matter how much irrational pain it causes us. Much love, Lakers fans.",1.0
25,2022-11-12 21:07:30,ytie16,2 Simple trades that would give us a respectable starting 5.,doli10,"Trade 1: Westbrook + 1 FRP for Buddy Hield and Myles Turner. Turner can shoot and defend + play C instead of AD. Buddy Hield can shoot lights out which is desperately needed. 

Trade 2: 1 FRP + whatever contract matches for Jae Crowder. Jae Crowder is an ok defender, career 34% 3pt shooter and an obviously needed wing. Both parties want the relationship to end so should be an easy trade.

New starting 5: 
Pg: Lebron 
Sg: Buddy Hield 
Sf: Jae Crowder 
Pf: AD
C: Myles Turner. 

Way more size out there. Better shooting which is desperately needed. AD doesn’t have to bang up his body every game playing center. Why not Pelinka?",1.0
26,2022-11-12 20:52:06,yti0yu,Could be a nice addition.,Ballcuzzi_Straw,,1.0
27,2022-11-12 20:30:36,ythit3,Found on iFunny Brazil,Strict_Appointment64,,1.0
28,2022-11-12 20:26:46,ythfie,I changed my Discord name as a joke... Now it just hurts.,Nawaf-Ar,,1.0
29,2022-11-12 20:20:36,ythank,Hows the losing the past few yrs affected you guys personally as fans the past two seasons?,TorontoRaptors34,"Its just something that I wanted to know from you guys personally cuz it sure has been disappointing on all levels to watch these past two yrs. I feel as a fan its probably a different emotionally draining joyless level of pain to endure because of the expectations the team has been under.
Its not the same as when the team sucked after Kobe tore his Achilles because they weren’t expected to win after that lets be honest.  But I feel once you get expectations and you got the whole world paying attention judging your losses its tough to watch. (2021 wasn’t the same because I think while that team wasn’t perfect injuries is why they failed more than anything and the role players put up a solid effort to make the playoffs in the first place)
Not to mention LeBron being there and the pressure he has to face as always expected to win every year. Watching Russ reputation almost fall by the wayside going from being an MVP to a laughing stock in his own city even tho he is turning the corner since accepting a 6th man role. Watching AD health decline. Seeing all those former stars show there age too. Then the one win to only get disappointed the next game. Not to mention the FO turning into a shit show.

But for you guys does your day get ruined? Do you cry? Ive seen mofos say its lost there joy for the game as a whole cuz when u look at other teams ball out u wonder man I wish the Lakers had that chemistry, i wish they could defend like that, i wish they could make shots like that over appreciating another teams greatness.

I remember my dad saying these guys r millionaires so don't worry but its hard not to feel for the players too imo regardless. Its a shame to see Bron go out like this. I hope this team somehow turns the corner because personally I hate to see Bron AD WB go out in with such pain.",1.0
30,2022-11-12 20:15:44,yth6ll,Why are Lebron and AD still willing to play for this team?,Empathetic_Walrus,"If i were them i would be close to saying waive my contract and get me the fuck out of here. They don't owe us shit. They didn't make the Westbrook trade, Pelinka could have said no but bent over like a spineless pretty boy. The roster construction beyond that makes no sense and thats not their fault either. We're fucked if we don't trade and probably still fucked if we do. 

If I'm them I'm setting January 1 2023 as a deadline. If we haven't made a significant changes by then and gotten close to 500, what is there to play for besides the all time points record? 

Pelinka fucked this team for literal years.",1.0
31,2022-11-12 20:11:19,yth2wg,They are who we thought they were,LebronsPinkyToe,,1.0
32,2022-11-12 19:58:03,ytgrk0,A very explosive ass Lakers rant,BearofTexasForever,,1.0
33,2022-11-12 19:49:13,ytgk9s,Lakers Beavis and Butt-head.,AssistSea6585,,1.0
34,2022-11-12 19:48:45,ytgjwc,Play calling responsibility,akurik,"I was under the impression that calling plays on offense is usually a collaboration between whoever is primary ballhandler and the coaching staff.

I watched a post-game interview with Ham where he was asked why they weren't calling more plays for AD in the second half (this was the game he only took two shots) and he basically said: look, the coaching staff has put together a menu of plays to select from and these guys are veterans out there, they know what they have to pick from and they can choose to call those plays.

Is this a hands-off approach on offense from the coaches, or is this standard for most teams?",1.0
35,2022-11-12 19:37:17,ytgam9,Expectations after the Beverley Trade,kwesi777,"This summer once we traded away THT and Stanley J to the Jazz for Bev, how many of y’all were expecting a Russ trade within the next week or so? 

I remember feeling optimistic after the trade bc it was like “oh nice a 3/D point guard to help us, we must be now about to trade Russ for 2-3 more shooters/defenders to round out our role players. 

It now turns out that not only is Bev not providing enough D, he’s also providing us essentially zero in the 3 category as well. 

Basically, I’m trying to think of how we could have built this roster out competently from the summer given the assets we had. 

It’s hard to know which players were potentially available to us via trade, but if you were Pelinka, what moves would you have made as of July 1 2022 to best situate us for this season? Would you still trade for Bev and then flip Russ for wings/shooting, or do a different deal than the Bev deal while still trading Russ and picks for wings/shooting? Any key players in mind? 

I think we can all agree that Monday morning quarterbacking this shit show of a roster/season is basically more fun than watching the games at this point 😆",1.0
36,2022-11-12 19:37:11,ytgak5,"The refusal to trade THT and Schroder for Lowry killed the Lakers, not the Westbrook trade",Significant_Night_65,"Lowry was willing to sign an extension for around 2/50. That move would have taken so much pressure off of LeBron in a playmaking role which was likely the main reason the Westbrook trade happened. If everything goes the same, Lowry in place of Schroder and THT wins us the Suns series or it takes us to 7 games at least. If we did win and AD came back in the next round we would've had amazing shot at the title.        

&amp;nbsp;

We would have kept KCP and Kuzma. We would have had money to re-sign Caruso. We'd have our pick that we traded for Westbrook. That move would also have put us in a prime spot to land DeRozan. I remember working that math out last year. We could have offered DeRozan around ~20m and Caruso around ~9m and still had space to fill out a roster under the hard cap. 

&amp;nbsp;

In hindsight not making that trade is even more baffling considering we traded THT for a guy who is averaging 5 PPG on 28% shooting. I remember saying at the time that not making that trade ended the Lakers championship window forever, it's still a hill I'll always die on.",1.0
37,2022-11-12 19:17:24,ytfu8w,SERIOUS: Fixes the Lakers Can Make WITHOUT Blowing Up the Team Just Yet - From a Fan of 30 Years,LakersFanSince92,[removed],1.0
38,2022-11-12 19:13:48,ytfr3h,"if Lebron didn't lie about listening to Migos back in 2010, we would've won last night.",deathreel,[removed],1.0
39,2022-11-12 18:52:24,ytf992,Thoughts on Max Christie?,8MODA,"Just a Bulls fan who hasn’t watched much of your games. I remember thinking the pick was good during the draft, and he theoretically fills a lot of needs for the team, but he hasn’t played much yet. Is he not ready physically? Is he a worse shooter than projected? Is it a coaching thing?",0.81
40,2022-11-12 18:29:36,yteq8p,Playoffs.. it’s not over till it’s over,aha_yaya2,"I know most if not all has given hope with this team and the season. I do not blame you at all but we still got a chance. After the nets game on Sunday. We don’t play till Friday. This would be the perfect time to make a trade, a whole week off to make some moves to improve the team. Whether it’s hield &amp; turner, kyrie, or etc.. By the time lebron would have a week and days off and AD can rest his back and recover from his illness. Schroeder will be back as well. People forget they (Ad,bron, dj) was 21-6. Hopefully he takes pat bev minutes because he’s literally been an offensive and surprisingly a defensive liability. If he not doing nothing defensively then he’s unplayable. Also Thomas Bryant will be starting along side ad at the 5 , hopefully he can stretch the floor and give AD room to work. We’re 2-3 games back from the 10th seed. With a quality roster and a healthy lebron and AD I like our chances in the play-in and once we get in the playoffs as 8th seed I really don’t see no one besides clippers/warriors who can see us in a 7game series. Would this work? What you think?",1.0
41,2022-11-12 18:18:36,yteh7g,FO Trickery,Garrukvonsmash,"So I've seen plenty since the first couple of losses this year but the glaring problem they pay haunt our ball club for many many years beyond the obvious of having vets fill the roster is the deception of Rob Pelinka and the front office essentially lying to Lebron for his extension telling him they'd empty the tank to push it through for him this and next year for a potential title. Instead, our front office and Rob did nothing. More than that they've been uncomfortably quiet about the whole affair and if this continues I would be surprised if Lebron and AD demand a trade. The lasting effect though will show other star players that we won't work with you, that we will say what we will and not follow through. It just feels like things are gonna from really bad to worse. But as always I'm a laker. I hope for the best but I fear the worst.",1.0
42,2022-11-12 18:03:56,yte4pk,I give up,uns0licited_advice,[removed],1.0
43,2022-11-12 18:02:00,yte32u,"Ham has sucked at his job thus far. LeBron, AD, and even a mediocre Westbrook should be winning more than 2 out of 12 games. Most coaches might have won more games with just one of those 3.",CutLonzosHair2017,"All these statistical projections about his coaching that were on the sub were based on nothing. His on court rotations have been bad. His motivation of the players have been bad. The second ranked defense that looked good after 4 games has fallen off a cliff. We're ranked 18th right now. And we're dead last in offense. 

We gave up a veteran coach that had won a championship. That had a history of winning even before winning the championship for a rookie head coach that in over his head. And no, this isn't like being a rookie athlete. The growth over time curve for coaches is minimal.",1.0
44,2022-11-12 17:58:32,ytdzp5,What do we need to do to win the championship realistically??,January_Weather,". ""I'm dissapointed. I'm upset, I'm confused, but I can't say I didn't see this coming."" in the wise words of coach 30

No Lebron AD team should be 2-10. I still have faith we can make the playoffs but championship is almost out of the question. I'm tryna see my guy Russ win a ring, so what do we need to do?

First yall owe Russ an apology, he gets WAY too much hate. But Russ gives 100% every game. He wasn't the problem last year but yall act like hes the worst player ever

Second Lebron needs to score more, once he's healthy we're gonna see 25-30 ppg.

Third, Bench beverly he adds nothing

Fourthly, we just have to use our young talent guys. Lonnie was an extremely good pick up, Austin Reaves the next AC, Nunn is good too, why give it to the bums of the team?",1.0
45,2022-11-12 17:53:00,ytdv7w,NBA Math’s Total Points Added to start 22-23. Lebron and AD both top 25,OfficialPaddysPub,,0.8
46,2022-11-12 17:37:41,ytdikh,Westbrook's shot selection has cost us several wins thus far.,immoralmofo,"Westbrook's shot selection has cost us several wins thus far.


10/20 against the Clippers, Russ shot 0-11 and we lost by 6.


10/23 against Portland, Russ shot 4/15 and we lost by 2.


10/28 against the Timberwolves, Russ shot 6/17 and we lost by 9.

He ended October with shooting splits of 34/20/70 .


Last night, Russ shot 6/17 once again in a 6 point loss ( a one possession game within the last minute). 

His splits are very good so far in November. However, when he has a bad game, he **really** has a bad game. We could easily be 6-6 or 5-7 right now without Russ's horrible performances at the worst times.",1.0
47,2022-11-12 17:25:07,ytd7mq,Quinn Cook Appreciation Thread,winteruser,,1.0
48,2022-11-12 17:19:36,ytd28b,This team is gonna be bad for a VERY long time.,Pop_Quiz_Hot_Shot,"If you can't make the playoffs with Lebron James on your team twice, one time with Anthony Davis, what hope do you have when they leave &amp; Jeanie has to go after people who aren't forcing their to be in LA. If you thought post-kobe was bad holy fuck post-lebron is gonna be brutal. 

No superstar is gonna wanna team up with old ass AD, Lebron got one good healthy season out of him and that season was given a long ass break in the middle. Jeanie really fucked up BAD and has proven she has no skills to improve a team without the GOAT just randomly pulling up and saving her ass. 

And if you eliminate the 2020 bubble, all Jeanie has with Lebron is 2 missed playoffs and a first round exit...........are you fucking kidding me, SELL THE TEAM!",1.0
49,2022-11-12 17:07:52,ytcr0v,WOW..,dannyb0y71,[removed],1.0
50,2022-11-12 17:06:50,ytcq1k,How can we do our part to ensure the owners get the message of trying to compete for this year and not standing Pat?,JesusDaBeast,"I suggest a hostile takeover of Jeanie’s WOW wrestling promotion, where one of us can do a pipebomb promo on Jeanie and Rob.

Or we can take out every taco place in LA so Lebron will go full LeGM mode by next Tuesday.

Any other suggestions?

Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text Bottom text",1.0
51,2022-11-12 17:05:30,ytcors,Do y'all think AD shot will ever come around or it's just what it is now at this point?,Early-Candidate5492,"I'm not asking him to become KAT as a shooter.
But I think him being a 33% 3 point shooter will make a huge difference which is just 1/3.

He shot fine in preseasom but that's on a short sample size.

His midrange shot is statistically one of the worst shots in the NBA. Free throw shooting is down.

And no not the 22 playoff game sample size in the Bubble. Just getting back to the 2019-20 season overall before the season shut down is that hard to ask for lmao.

And no spacing has notbing to do with it because he's getting left wide open all of his jumpers.",1.0
52,2022-11-12 17:03:00,ytcm9n,How can we do our part to ensure the owners get the message of trying to compete for this year and not standing Pat?,JesusDaBeast,[removed],1.0
53,2022-11-12 16:56:41,ytcfet,AD to the blazers?,mnzon,,1.0
54,2022-11-12 16:40:22,ytbzrn,Look what I have got...,HistoricalCookie981,,1.0
55,2022-11-12 16:33:42,ytbtat,Haters are in shambles,Visible_Willow7981,,1.0
56,2022-11-12 15:45:56,ytajgm,How Far Can The Lakers Go?,sideline_guy12,,1.0
57,2022-11-12 15:40:12,ytae2e,For those asking for a rebuild,LudwigNasche,"If we can't put together a solid roster around LeBron and AD, what makes you think we are going to do any better rebuilding?

The last time we went to the tank mode we ended up as the worst team in the league featuring Randle and Dlo as AD and LBJ. 

The most difficult thing in NBA is getting generational talent. If you have any you HAVE to build a team to suit the talent of your superstars. It is not that difficult.",1.0
58,2022-11-12 15:38:01,ytac0r,"Thoughts on this trade? Rose, Fournier, Reddish, Lebron, AD (Walker, Schoder, Beverley, etc).",user15151616,,1.0
59,2022-11-12 15:36:51,ytab0j,AD’s second half performances have little to do with a physical decline,percbandit,,1.0
60,2022-11-12 15:00:12,yt9cgt,Daily L̶a̶k̶e̶r̶s̶ T̶r̶a̶d̶e̶ ̶W̶e̶s̶t̶b̶r̶o̶o̶k̶ Sell the Team Discussion Thread,AutoModerator,"Lakers are back, talk about whatever you want. ~~Please leave all your Russ trade talks in here, stop making a thread.~~  Please leave all your fake sell the team discussions here.",1.0
61,2022-11-12 14:43:05,yt8x0q,Lakers Beavis and Butt-head.,HistoricalCookie981,,1.0
62,2022-11-12 14:23:48,yt8fg4,One year closer to retirement thank god 🙏,Morello45,,1.0
63,2022-11-12 13:28:19,yt72oc,The Kings Are Bad,KingofStank,"How many times Mike brown been fired?

He's on his way to another notch on his belt

No way should they have struggled this much.

Pat bev and nunn are the same players short and bricking.

Ad always getting the ball near the 3 pt line 

Damien Jones a toothpick of a center

Gabriel made 6 points in a row and they yanked him out lol

Lakers are done...ain't no coming back from 2 and 11. Not sure why everyone is surprised the front office is a joke.

Dump Caruso for Tht then trade tht and a pick for pat bev",1.0
64,2022-11-12 13:11:02,yt6oc4,Happy Birthday Russ 🎂🎂,Gamerisme123469,,1.0
65,2022-11-12 13:08:54,yt6mgp,Lakers fans when they see Rob Pelinka walking down the street,killa_k99,,0.81
66,2022-11-12 13:05:08,yt6jav,Trade LeBron now!,GeovaunnaMD,[removed],1.0
67,2022-11-12 12:51:50,yt683r,"If Crypto.com Arena gets renamed, which company would you like to replace it?",regnard,"FTX just filed for bankruptcy protection, and they owned the Heat's naming rights. Crypto.com may be in the same boat, as they have been sliding the past year. They bought the naming rights from AEG for a whopping \[$700 million last year\]([https://www.sportsnet.ca/nba/article/staples-center-changing-name-crypto-com-arena/](https://www.sportsnet.ca/nba/article/staples-center-changing-name-crypto-com-arena/)).  


If Crypto.com Arena gets renamed, which company would you like to replace it?",1.0
68,2022-11-12 12:35:12,yt5uz7,Frank Vogel appreciation thread,cypherdust,,1.0
69,2022-11-12 12:30:07,yt5qro,That’s better.,ClarQKent1911,,1.0
70,2022-11-12 12:24:08,yt5m3j,True master piece,[deleted],[removed],0.5
71,2022-11-12 11:53:03,yt4yrj,Nepotism is the reason we are where we are today.,Kryztripleb,"Yep. One word. Nepotism.

Jeanie hires her friends. She doesn’t fire BECAUSE they are friends. 

How many of her “friends” has she given offices too next to hers?

I mean, her dad had Linda Rambis on the marketing team.. where is she now? Ahh yes, helping run the Lakers w Jeanie. 

So wait, if I join the marketing team for another team, i’ll soon be promoted to help run the team.. No. Never. 

Magic warned us years ago. He quit cause he had no power. If he wanted to do something Jeanie had to ask 8 of her friends first. Remember the Luke thing… and how Magic said at first Jeanie didn’t want to fire him cause “hes a nice guy”

This is a business. If people do not perform, they are “supposed” to be gone. But here, they get extensions and offices even without a damn resume.

Jeanie, this isn’t about you being a female. If it was your brother doing this, we would still be on him as well. 

And if you need to ask 8 people to make a decision..  should you be in charge..

She has to change how the Lakers operate. No more of this “you’re my friend, you’re hired”

This isn’t a coffee shop your father passed down. This is the LAL.

Stuff needs to change. Stop being cheap too, we all see how much revenue the Lakers bring in.",1.0
72,2022-11-12 11:37:19,yt4neg,Rock Bottom Rob,Kobe8,,1.0
73,2022-11-12 10:44:52,yt3l6l,Great offense from Reeves.,UsualWay2101,[removed],1.0
74,2022-11-12 10:38:14,yt3ggj,Should try to package AD to a team like Portland.,mnguy045,"Portland looks good. Reminds me of the 2007-2008 lakers. AD could be their Pau Gasol. Try to pick up some first round picks and a solid young player like Shaedon Sharpe. Sharpe looks like he has a lot of potential right now. 

This team is what it is and you have to accept it at this point. Let’s look at the future.",1.0
75,2022-11-12 10:06:52,yt2u4i,Backstage Lakers Week 3 Showtime Reunion Part 2,swimmingman46,"Backstage Lakers Week 3 Showtime Reunion Part 2

Backstage Lakers Week 3 Showtime Reunion Part 2

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMWRnXb0Z54](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMWRnXb0Z54)",1.0
76,2022-11-12 10:01:24,yt2q93,Who's Accountable/Should Answer for this Abysmal Team Showing?,JIM213,,1.0
77,2022-11-12 09:43:02,yt2dhc,Lakers should remove relationship with Crypto.com and get a new Sponsor Asap,FormerHandsomeGuy,,1.0
78,2022-11-12 09:34:01,yt27el,$111 off Los Angeles Lakers Magic Johnson Mitchell &amp; Ness 1984/85 Hardwood Classics Authentic Jerseys at NBAstore.com (use code KLARNA),LorenzaBarbour,,1.0
79,2022-11-12 09:19:03,yt1wth,"Up late, reminiscing..",Beast_Mode1265,,1.0
80,2022-11-12 09:18:45,yt1wmd,"Anthony Davis on the Lakers shades Russell Westbrook: ""The thing is, there’s a lot of, like, ‘My bads.’ Which is good. But we can’t have a lot of, ‘My bads.’ ... A couple ‘My bads’ down at the end of the first half and they go on a 14-5 run.""",Inevitable_Night_933,"Anthony Davis on the Lakers' overall level of personal accountability: ""The thing is, there’s a lot of, like, ‘My bads.’ Which is good. But we can’t have a lot of, ‘My bads.’ ... A couple ‘My bads’ down at the end of the first half and they go on a 14-5 run.""

https://twitter.com/mcten/status/1591338440762609664

Pretty significant shots fired at Russ for first time ever. Davis and Westbrook are close so I'm sure Davis is just expressing frustration because he knows Russ can take it. I doubt LeBron or Ham would come even close to doing this.",0.95
81,2022-11-12 08:51:00,yt1d1w,Los Angeles Lakers - NBA Teams Consecutive Winning &amp; Losing Streak In Their History (1946-2022),VegaPunk-01,,1.0
82,2022-11-12 08:42:18,yt16vt,"Selling a signed PSA certified Kobe Jersey, yellow, number 8. From the 1996-1997 season. Frame with lock and key included. $5,500; willing to negotiate. If local in Los Angeles area we can meet up to avoid shipping costs. Message me if interested!",BeautyMarksla,,1.0
83,2022-11-12 08:39:49,yt1533,LeBron/Westbrook time on the ball in Lakers wins/losses,TradeWestbrick,"Going back to last season

In Lakers wins...

- LeBron: 7.6 minutes on ball
- Westbrook: 4.8 minutes on ball

In Lakers losses...

- LeBron 5.7 minutes on ball
- Westbrook: 5.4 minutes on ball

#Get this make-a-wish kid off my team.",0.68
84,2022-11-12 08:16:45,yt0ozq,Fun stat,d_joseph_,"Lakers records when they play an #NBA game on my birthday since 2016

2016: L (road) vs MIN
2017: W (road) vs PHX
2018: W (home) vs POR 
2019: W (home) vs GSW
2020: not applicable 
2021: W (home) vs SAS  
2022: TBD (home) vs BKN

They are 4-1 with an .800 winning percentage since 2016. 

Lakers are undefeated on my birthday since 2017 (4-0)

Last loss overall on my bday was in 2016, last home loss was in 2014.",1.0
